That lady
What's going on?
Warn this car
No, I picked it up at the company.
I gave it back to you
You slandered me
You almost got fooled.
Damn it, you guys are the most annoying
You said you thought you were just pretending
This pheasant can become a phoenix
Yeah oops
Pretended wealth is empty
Why are you looking at me?
Don't even think about riding in my luxury car for a while
Did you hear what the eldest lady said?
Hurry up and ride your broken car away
Since you all say this car is mine
Then I'm in charge
This car is for you.
Really? This is the electric car you were talking about.
It's worth thousands of dollars
Uh, everyone testify for me?
He said he wanted to give it to me.
Then I'll drive it.
I sent my car
Miss, do you have any questions? No
My car!
Some people here?
Pretending to be cool in front of the security guards
Haha, now there is no car to go home.
Ye Qiuyan, walk back
My luxury car won't be with you
Do you hear me?
deaf
Go away I'm not going
I'm also waiting for the car to pick me up.
I'm still pretending that you are a little
In fact, where are you so afraid of vanity?
It's not me who is vain
Ninety-five supreme five nines
Sorry ma'am